## The Good
The best moments I had teaching CS is with Arduinos, in the more basic lessons.  Helping students figure out how to get multiple LEDs to light up and figure out how to finesse the right pattern is really enjoyable.  They get excited, creative, and apply what they learn.  For example, I give them a sample code and configuration for one LED to blink.  Then they are tasked to code 2 LEDs to blink together.  Usually they are a little unsure of how to make it happen, and sometimes they'll guess incorrectly by just sticking an extra LED in parallel, instead of connecting it to another port. I'll give them a hint to recreate the first circuit, but with a different port number, and then to copy the same code.  They get really excited with the possibilities.  I think it went well because the leap wasn't too far for them.  Most of them still couldn't figure it out on their own, which is fine since it's their first time building with circuits, but the little hint was based on their prior knowledge which they proved to already have.  Since they had the right amount of background knowldedge, they were able to piece it together.

## The Bad
Oof.  There are so many bad moments.  I really struggle with teaching students about seeing the value behind the variable.  Like, I think they understand that when you declare a variable to be a certain number, it is stored.  But when they see the variable again later in the code, they forget what the value is.  Then, when the value changes with each loop, they can't keep track of how the number if changing or what the variable is anymore.  Because of this, it's harder for them to understand the larger purpose behind that line of code.  To them, it's like that line is a blackbox, that will magicially make an object move, or bounce off the edge of the screen, but they don't understand why.  This makes teaching animation, for loops, conditionals, objects, and classes very difficult.  I'm still trying to figure out how to find a way to visiually demonstrate what is going on, to lift up the curtain concealing the blackbox.  I'm currently thinking of designing a program that will slow down the frame rate and show how the numbers change with each iteration.  I also would love to find worksheets that help them break down for loops, to see what happens in each loop iteration.
